README.md, before:

# Interview Scheduler

The interview scheduler is a single page applicaiton (SPA) built with React.

The program allows a student to book an interview with a mentor.
Spots remaining for each day of the week will automatically update with any changes.

Built with components from Storybooks.js, the frontend communicates with an API server over HTTP using JSON format.

Data is persisted by an API server using a PostgreSQL database please see: 
!["scheduler-api"](https://github.com/CharlesP8412/scheduler-api)

### Tools used: 
```
- React
- Storybook
- Jest
- React Testing Library
- Axios
- Babel
- Webpack
- Webpack Dev Server
```
## Screenshots
!["Overview"](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CharlesP8412/scheduler/master/docs/overview.gif)
!["Static Overview"](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CharlesP8412/scheduler/master/docs/Screenshot%201.png)


## Dependencies
- React
- React-DOM
- React-Scripts
- Axios
- Classnames
- Normalize.css

*Will start without API server but will not be populated (Data or buttons) (!["scheduler-api"](https://github.com/CharlesP8412/scheduler-api))*

## Setup
1. Fork this repository, then clone your fork of this repository.
2. Install dependencies using the `npm install` command.

 ### Running Webpack Development Server
```sh
npm start
```
*React will automatically open http://localhost:8000/ when loaded.*

### Running Jest Test Framework

```sh
npm test
```

### Running Storybook Visual Testbed

```sh
npm run storybook
```
 *Story book will be served at http://localhost:9009/*
### Running Cypress End to End Testbed
Must have the following running prior to cypress:
1. Scheduler_api (With Databse)
2. Webpack Development Server

```sh
npm run cypress
```

## Known Issues
- Concurrent users need to refresh for latest info.  Plan on implementing Websockets

Commit message:

API Routes now go to Heroku Server

README.md, after:

# Interview Scheduler

The interview scheduler is a single page applicaiton (SPA) built with React.

The program allows a student to book an interview with a mentor.
Spots remaining for each day of the week will automatically update with any changes.

Built with components from Storybooks.js, the frontend communicates with an API server over HTTP using JSON format.

Data is persisted by an API server using a PostgreSQL database.  Currently the app routes to Heroku for the API

Heroku API Routes
!["http://scheduler-cvp.herokuapp.com/api/days"](http://scheduler-cvp.herokuapp.com/api/days)
!["http://scheduler-cvp.herokuapp.com/api/appointments"](http://scheduler-cvp.herokuapp.com/api/appointments)
!["http://scheduler-cvp.herokuapp.com/api/interviewers"](http://scheduler-cvp.herokuapp.com/api/interviewers)

If you want to run your own API locally please see: 
!["scheduler-api"](https://github.com/CharlesP8412/scheduler-api)


### Tools used: 
```
- React
- Storybook
- Jest
- React Testing Library
- Axios
- Babel
- Webpack
- Webpack Dev Server
```
## Screenshots
!["Overview"](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CharlesP8412/scheduler/master/docs/overview.gif)
!["Static Overview"](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CharlesP8412/scheduler/master/docs/Screenshot%201.png)


## Dependencies
- React
- React-DOM
- React-Scripts
- Axios
- Classnames
- Normalize.css

*Will start without API server but will not be populated (Data or buttons) (!["scheduler-api"](https://github.com/CharlesP8412/scheduler-api))*

## Setup
1. Fork this repository, then clone your fork of this repository.
2. Install dependencies using the `npm install` command.

 ### Running Webpack Development Server
```sh
npm start
```
*React will automatically open http://localhost:8000/ when loaded.*

### Running Jest Test Framework

```sh
npm test
```

### Running Storybook Visual Testbed

```sh
npm run storybook
```
 *Story book will be served at http://localhost:9009/*
### Running Cypress End to End Testbed
Must have the following running prior to cypress:
1. Scheduler_api (With Databse)
2. Webpack Development Server

```sh
npm run cypress
```

## Known Issues
- Concurrent users need to refresh for latest info.  Plan on implementing Websockets
